Roxy-wi CVE-2022-31137 (#314)
google/tsunami-security-scanner-plugins: community/detectors/roxy_wi_cve_2022_31137/README.md

# Roxy-wi RCE CVE-2022-31137 Detector

> Roxy-WI is a web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache and Keepalived servers. Versions prior to 6.1.1.0 are subject to a remote code execution vulnerability. System commands can be run remotely via the subprocess_execute function without processing the inputs received from the user in the /app/options.py file. Attackers need not be authenticated to exploit this vulnerability. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roxy-WI is a web interface for managing Haproxy, Nginx, Apache and Keepalived servers. Versions prior to `6.1.1.0` are subject to a remote code execution vulnerability. System commands can be run remotely via the `subprocess_execute` function without processing the inputs received from the user in the /app/options.py file. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
```
